I'm Tim Olson
I'm here with multi-time Amy champion
Jason Raines to tell you all about the
new Yamaha YZF or vidya let's start with
the revolution area in the top right Tim
that rear and slant allows for a
straight horsepower inducing air intake
and exhaust layout the result more power
and controllability
maximization is another big goal with
the Y Z's you want the weight in the
most compact space possible and as close
as possible to the bike center gravity
the bilateral BM aluminum frame balances
the need for rigidity as well as flex
from the new engine mount brackets for
2015 further enhance this balance of
flexural rigidity that combination of
centralized mass plus a lightweight
frame make for an extremely light nimble
and precise handling hurricane does it
flip you out on the track basically you
feel like you're on a TV d-class machine
with all that 450 horsepower and both
front and rear wheel tracks is amazing
now helped along by those new Dunlop mx2
p2 times and of course you've got that
industry-leading KYB suspension with the
speed sensitive fork that everyone raves
about based on feedback from the 2014
model the internal settings have been
revised to improve small bump absorption
as well as precise damping control and
bottoming resistance
the Y Z's are easy to maintain - with
quick toolless access to the air filter
threesies fasteners popped right off no
tools required now if you want to go
from just massive power to full
competition mode you've got a complete
line of gyg are accessories like this
amazing gyg our power they're engineered
by the pros ridden by the pros and built
by Yamaha for perfect fit finished and
industry-leading quality and if you want
to get the edge on your competition
along with rebates on these great GOI
chair accessories make sure you check
out Yama's exclusive blue coup program
and for an even bigger edge in your
competition come out to one of my riding
schools learn the proper techniques we
also have the Yamaha demo program where
you can test ride any of the Y Z's WR s
or TT RS free of charge
go Yamaha motorsports calm to see an
upcoming event schedule the yz4 video
from Yamaha more of everything that
makes it one of the best motocross bikes
on the tracks